To install, type:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make
  make install    

Files are installed under the library path of the perl you used to
generate the Makefile.  The download directory (where comic files are
placed & the webpages are generated) is /var/spool/netcomics by default.

Typically changed install paths & their default values:

  PREFIX=<value returned by "perl -V:prefix">
  INSTALLSITELIB=$(PREFIX)/lib/perl5/site_perl/<perl ver>
  INSTALLMAN3DIR=$(PREFIX)/lib/perl5/<perl ver>/man/man3
  INSTALLBIN=$(PREFIX)/bin
  INSTALLMAN1DIR=$(PREFIX)/man/man1
  TMPDIR=/var/spool/netcomics

You can run perl with -V:<var name in lower case> for each of those
variables (except TMPDIR) to find out where it will install stuff by
default on your system. Note that you need to specify changed
variables for both the all and install targets (all is the default
target).  If you already built "all", be sure to "make clean; perl
Makefile.PL" first before rebuilding "all" with changed variables.

Use the following example if you want to install netcomics directly
under perl's site_perl directory and not under site_perl/<perl ver>:

  make clean #unless you don't have a Makefile yet
  perl Makefile.PL
  make install INSTALLSITELIB='$(PREFIX)/lib/perl5/site_perl' \
       INSTALLMAN3DIR='$(PREFIX)/lib/perl5/man/man3'

Take a look at the install_home target in the Makefile for an
example on how to install netcomics entirely inside your home
directory (which can be useful if you don't have root access).  



If you want an rpm, type:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make
  su #unless you're already root, of course
  make rpm
  rpm -Uvh /usr/src/redhat/RPMS/noarch/netcomics*-<ver>.noarch.rpm

Note that the rpm spec is very specific to perl being installed under
a prefix of /usr.


If you want a deb, type:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make
  su #unless you're already root, of course
  make deb
  dpkg -i ../netcomics_<ver>_all.deb


See the netcomics & comicpage manpages for examples and instructions
on how to use them.

Use show_comics to have a selected list of comics in a ~/.comics files
to be shown during the day.  show_comics will run in the background
and show comics throughout the day, the time inbetween comics
calculated from the time you plan to leave.  See its manpage for more
details. 

Take a look at the display_comics script, and modify it to your liking
if you want to use it.  You don't have to use it if you want to setup
your own way of having the comics displayed each day for everyone on
your network, or if you plan on just using automatically generated
webpage (options -w & -W).

Also take a look at the scripts under the contrib directory.
